Proton VPN is the world's ONLY free VPN service that is safe to use and respects your privacy. Proton VPN is created by the CERN scientists behind Proton Mail - the world's largest encrypted email service. Proton’s VPN offers secure and encrypted internet access with advanced security features and access to blocked websites and streaming platforms.

Used by millions worldwide, Proton’s secure no-logs VPN offers 24/7 private internet access, and does not record your browsing history, display ads, sell your data to third parties, or limit downloads.

FREE VPN features available to ALL users:

1. VPN accelerator - increases Proton VPN's speeds by up to 400% to give users an express service
2. Unlimited data with no bandwidth or speed restrictions
3. Strictly NO logs
4. Full disk encrypted servers protect your data
5. Bypass geo-restrictions - smart protocol selection automatically overcomes VPN bans and unblocks censored content
6. Perfect forward secrecy - encrypted traffic cannot be captured and decrypted later
7. DNS leak protection - DNS queries are also encrypted to ensure that your browsing activity cannot be exposed through DNS leaks
8. Split tunneling support allows you to select which apps go through the VPN tunnel
9. Always-on VPN/kill switch offers protection against leaks caused by accidental disconnections

PREMIUM features:

1. 1400+ high speed servers across 60+ countries
2. Fast VPN: High speed servers with connections up to 10 Gbps
3. Connect up to 10 devices to VPN at the same time
4. Stream films, sports events, and videos on any streaming service (Netflix, Hulu, Amazon Prime Video, Disney+ etc)
5. Access to blocked or censored content
6. File-sharing and P2P support
7. Adblocker (NetShield) - a DNS filtering feature that protects users from malware, blocks ads, and prevents website trackers from following you across the web
8. Secure Core servers protect against network-based attacks with multi-hop VPN
9. Tor over VPN provides automatic integration with the Tor anonymity network

Why Proton VPN?

• No personal data required to sign up
• Proton VPN's Secure Core architecture allows our secure VPN service to defend against network-based attacks
• Unique VPN Accelerator technology increases your VPN speeds by over 400%
• Uses only VPN protocols that are proven to be secure: OpenVPN, IKEv2, and WireGuard (no PPTP and L2TP/IPSec).
• Independently audited by SEC Consult with all results published on our website
• Physical data centres accessible only via biometric verification
• Trusted open-source code that can be reviewed for security by anyone
• Data protection using AES-256 and 4096 RSA encryption
• Multi-platform support for use across Android, Linux, Windows, MacOS, iOS and more

Join the privacy revolution
Your support is important as it allows us to continue our mission to bring online freedom and the right to privacy to people around the globe. Get our private VPN free today and enjoy fast VPN connections and a secure internet, from anywhere.

Experts’ opinion:

Mozilla: “There are many VPN vendors out there, but not all of them are created equal. Proton VPN offers a secure, reliable, and easy-to-use VPN service and is operated by the makers of ProtonMail, a respected, privacy-oriented email service... As a company they have a track record of fighting for online privacy and they share our dedication to internet safety and security.”

PCMag: “[Proton VPN’s] focus on exacting security at an affordable price tag makes it a compelling choice. Plus, its free version is the best we've tested so far.”

Follow Proton VPN on social for all the latest news and offers:
Facebook: /proton
Twitter: @protonvpn
Reddit: /protonvpn
Instagram: /protonprivacy

Notice for users in China and UAE - Proton VPN may be blocked due to government restrictions outside our control.